Adding Tls client information (#1344)
temporalio/documentation: docs/app-dev-context/creating-temporal-clients.md

A [Temporal Client](/temporal#temporal-client) is needed to [create Worker Entities](#run-worker-processes) and to communicate with a [Temporal Cluster](/clusters).

> Communication with the Temporal Cluster includes but is not limited to starting Workflow Executions, sending Signals to Workflow Executions, sending Queries to Workflow Executions, and getting the result of a Workflow Execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Communication with the Temporal Cluster includes, but is not limited to, starting Workflow Executions, sending Signals to Workflow Executions, sending Queries to Workflow Executions, and getting the result of a Workflow Execution.
```

A Temporal Client cannot be initialized and used inside Workflow code.

> However, it is acceptable and common to utilize a Temporal Client, to communicate with a Temporal Cluster, inside an Activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is acceptable and common to use a Temporal Client inside an Activity, to communicate with the Temporal Cluster.
```
